# Supervised Machine Learning - Predicting Credit Risk

In this assignment, I will be building a machine learning model that attempts to predict whether a loan will be approved or not. 

## Background

Lending services companies allow individual investors to partially fund personal loans as well as buy and sell notes backing the loans on a secondary market. 

I will be using this data to create machine learning models to classify the risk level of given loans. Specifically, I will be comparing the Logistic Regression model and Random Forest Classifier.

## Instructions

### Retrieve the data

The data is located in the Resources folder.

* `lending_data.csv`

Import the data using Pandas.

## Consider the models

I have to create and compare two models on this data: a logistic regression, and a random forests classifier. Before I create, fit, and score the models, my prediction is logistic regression will perform better, because the dataset is all numeric, Random Forest Classifier performs better with more categorical data than numeric.

## Fit a LogisticRegression model and RandomForestClassifier model

After creating LogisticRegression and RandomForestClassifier model, fit it to the data, and print the model's score, both models perform well with this dataset with high testing score ( around 0.99 ) but the logisticRegression wins with slightly higher score (0.994 vs. 0.991).

## Rubric

[Unit 19 - Supervised Machine Learning Homework Rubric](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eZcQul7s2gy6h9flygyPdajSPUtqOQUuGL1XXcuX6p4/edit?usp=sharing)

### References

Loan Approval Dataset (2022). Data generated by Trilogy Education Services, a 2U, Inc. brand, and is intended for educational purposes only.

- - -

© 2021 Trilogy Education Services, a 2U, Inc. brand. All Rights Reserved.



